Add checksum & report_count to aggregation share requests. (#194)
abetterinternet/ppm-specification: draft-gpew-priv-ppm.md

helper responds to this request by extracting its aggregate share from its state
and encrypting it under the collector's HPKE public key.

First, the leader computes a checksum over the set of output shares included in

> the batch window. The checksum is computed by taking the SHA256 of the nonces
> for the client reports included in the aggregation, then combining the hash

Reviewer: Slight rewording for clarity:
```suggestion
the batch window. The checksum is computed by taking the SHA256 hash of each
nonce from the client reports included in the aggregation, then combining the hash
```

> values with a bytewise-XOR operation.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
values with a bitwise-XOR operation.
```

Author: Huh, I always thought "bytewise" was more common than "bitwise", but a quick Googling shows this is not the case.

> hash values with a bitwise-XOR operation.

Reviewer 2: I don't object to this, really, but it seems like kind of overkill to use SHA-256.

Author: I agree, a non-cryptographic hash would be fine here IMO since we think we don't need a cryptographic hash, since the overall construction permits attackers to produce collisions anyway, and since using a cryptographic hash may give the false impression that the overall construction is actually secure.

I'm going to leave the OPEN ISSUE for now but we should consider addressing this -- either switching to a `checksum` algorithm that actually does provide collision-resistance over the set of nonces, or switch away from using cryptographic-strength primitives entirely.

~~~
struct {
  TaskID task_id;
  Interval batch_interval;
  uint64 report_count;
  opaque checksum[32];
  opaque helper_state<0..2^16>;
} AggregateShareReq;
~~~

* `task_id` is the task ID associated with the PPM parameters.
* `batch_interval` is the batch interval of the request.
* `report_count` is the number of reports included in the aggregation.
* `checksum` is the checksum computed over the set of client reports, computed
  as described above.
* `helper_state` is the helper's state, which is carried across requests from
  the leader.

To respond to an AggregateShareReq message, the helper first looks up the PPM
parameters associated with task `task_id`. Then, using the procedure in
{{batch-parameter-validation}}, it ensures that the request meets the
requirements of the batch parameters. It also computes a checksum based on its
view of the output shares included in the batch window, and checks that the
`report_count` and `checksum` included in the request match its computed
values. If so, it aggregates all valid output shares that fall in the batch
interval into an aggregate share. The response contains an opaque,

> VDAF-specific message:

Reviewer: I think we will want a separate error enumeration value to signify mismatches in either the report count or the checksum. However, I note that the rest of this aggregate share request section doesn't define how errors are signaled (i.e. for invalid batch parameters, or invalid helper state) so I think it's okay to punt on this for now.

Author: Indeed, I worded this PR to continue to punt on error reporting as much as error reporting was previously punted on. (but FWIW, I agree we'd want to be able to discriminate the checksum/count-mismatch error case from other error cases)
